some 86 a prayer of David bow down your
ear o Lord hear me for I am poor and
needy preserve my life for I am holy you
are my god save your servant who trusts
in you be merciful to me O Lord for I
cry to you all day long
rejoice the soul of your servant for to
you O Lord I lift up my soul for you
Lord are good and ready to forgive and
abundant in mercy to all those who call
upon you give ear o Lord to my prayer
and attend to the voice of my
supplications in the day of my trouble I
will call upon you for you will answer
me among the gods there is none like You
O Lord nor are there any works like your
works all nations whom you have made
shall come and worship before you O Lord
and shall glorify your name for you are
great and do wondrous things you alone
are God
teach me your way O Lord I will walk in
your truth unite my heart to fear your
name I will praise you O Lord my God
with all my heart and I will glorify
your name forevermore for great is your
mercy toward me and you have delivered
my soul from the depths of Sheol
Oh God but proud have risen against me
and a mob of violent men have sought my
life and have not set you before them
but you O Lord are a god full of
compassion and gracious long-suffering
and abundant in mercy and truth o turned
to me and have mercy on me give your
strength to your servant and save the
son of your maidservant show me a sign
for good that those who hate me may see
it and be ashamed because you Lord have
helped me and comforted me
you